go home mismatch point again did you say
this match pointer mismatch I said Miss
match point you got it well then
swiss talent
but with dance steps here from
Philippoussis 15 showed some very crafty
play in this first set so far for
Phillip easy as it wasn't occurs an act
to the pieces this one coming up he just
rips this
verizon there if that a portable hand
eye coordination just half volleys this
ball is right into the opening great
balance piece is there and that's
he made sure well pieces that he got
under this ball enough topspin
this there's tennis courts everywhere in
this island cliff is that your place
that is yeah that's my place in my
dreams look at that that's right on the
water that's got to be off of Miami
Beach or when it may be a star on into
one of the islands heading to Miami
Beach is my guess you don't want to miss
a lob on that court cuz they'll be tough
to track that one down
oh yeah into the body
is intended into one look at this the
quickness that Agassi has been working
on this off past off season really
paying off for him that's just
tremendous tied to bench ow both of them
he covered some territory there and had
plenty left to get a little pace on that
angle back in Costa couldn't catch up
through
oh those two showing some guy
he was behind the baseline on this one
her Costa is here on the dropper
there's Roddick's looking at the
courtside Mike there Brad Gilbert saying
come on
oh that is just too good that was a
great point
point of the tournament because it came
comes on break point in the third and
Radek Clayton beautiful point well maybe
if you're really nitpicky you could say
could have done a little more with that
Pat that approach but Federer came up
with just a remarkable pass there
are you
many of
do
some of your anyone with
what is this about
this was just remarkable this one what
if improvisation there goodness
some guy just ran onto the court with
banner of some sort
one of the most amazing shots I've seen
he needs to win these two points to put
some pressure on the roddick serve
Brody
fayaz change in
full of two men
the job that he looked to be perfect by
federal
you